[Music]
hi in this video I will show you an easy
way on how you can generate a character
and animations for that
character uh for this video we will use
the generate character tool and uh click
generate once we are happy with the uh
character it's time to uh use the
skeleton animation tool to create some
animations so first I'm going to select
the image as a reference image then I'm
going to use the skeleton templates that
are available in pixel
lab uh in this case I'm going to use the
base template and just make sure that
the when I insert the skeleton is of the
right size and I can change the size
using the um height with head size you
can also use edit skeleton to manually
move the uh the points as
well once I'm happy with the size I will
change the template to uh the walking
animation that I want in this case I
thought it would be fun to do an eight
frame
animation and Because the skeleton isn't
correctly positioned I'm just going to
toggle all the frames and and then use
the move tool to put it in the correct
position once the skeleton is at the
correct position I can click generate
and create my
animation just make sure that you're on
the right frame so in this case for the
first four frames I want to be on the
first
frame and once you do the last four
frames of the animation you want to be
on uh frame four
instead so yeah that's it if you like
the video or if you have any questions
uh feel free to uh leave a comment and
uh yeah I will see you in the next
[Music]
video
[Applause]
[Music]